welcome to football game plan calm where
football makes sense I memory hunt
dissolve the playbook bring you an NFL
week 16 matchup between the Carolina
Panthers and the Pittsburgh Steelers now
let's start with the road team Caroline
in this matchup offensively I like what
I see out of Jimmy Clausen he's
improving week to week as a pastor he's
a rookie out there starting one thing
that he's gonna have to do this week
against an aggressive style defense like
the Pittsburgh Steelers he's gonna have
to come in and know where he has to go
with the football it's important to know
where your hot reads are against this
defense so you might want to get the
backs out in the flat like good tenant
story you want to get these guys out
there in the flats you also want to have
that hot route designated against the
steelers pressure because if you don't
know where you're supposed to go to the
football by the time you think you
should go this way or that way it's
going to be a sack it's going to be a
turnover so it's important to know where
you supposed to go with the football and
watch how later on in the game you will
be able to run the football because
you're able to set up the past use the
passes set up to run to set up the run
now defensively coming in your defense
events led by every brown and company
Charles Johnson in the game they have to
make sure to keep Roethlisberger in the
pocket you don't want Roethlisberger to
break contain and throw from different
angles on the field because that's how
he hurts defenses he puts pressure on
your secondary because you can't cover
for no more than three or four seconds
so if he gets outside of the pocket or
if he breaks contained that's a problem
that you want to avoid for your defense
so keep them bottled up allow him to
throw from its original launch pad spot
and you give yourself a chance to win
defensively because you do have some
outstanding secondary players in gamble
and Marlon so that's one thing that's
important keep robin's burger bottled up
and you should have some success you
also want to keep a safety over top Mike
Wallace we say that every week we don't
want to allow Mike Wallace to get beat
you want to allow mike wants to beat you
deep when you can outrun zones that
outrun man covers with this beat now the
steelers have to come in and you just
have to play skill as football you guys
have to remember that you're a pounding
pounding the ground defense offense
don't allow yourself to get to pass
happy are too cute you run the football
with mitton hall you also have great
depth in the backfield and that's what's
going to carry you once you get into the
playoffs is your running back depth
because as you go you know weather is
going to deteriorate you're going to
have to be able to run the football
throughout the game you got
can't do that you just get away from it
when you try to throw the football and
you have those mental lapses and where
people drop the football you have to
throw the ball away or Roethlisberger
gets sacked that's one thing you have to
remember is stick to still lose football
ground and then throw when you have to
because you guys do have some talent
talent out there on the flanks now
defensively against Carolina you are
playing a rookie quarterback back there
and Jimmy Clausen you have the most
exotic zone blitzes that I've ever seen
Dick LeBeau is a guy who invented the
zone blitz and one or more creative
defensive minds in league history so
confuse the rookie get him to throw it
where you want to go you want to dictate
Carolina space on all miss you want to
force Carolina play fast because they
have a lot of youth on their squad out
there on the flanks especially in the
quarterback spot so you can confuse the
wire receivers and you can confuse the
quarterback as well and that's going to
play into your hands that's going to
give you a lot of opportunities to
create turnovers and to get sex on the
quarterback and that's what you want
that's how you take a team like Carolina
and get them out the game early
especially when they come in on the road
hostile environment cold atmosphere that
they're going to play in in pittsburgh
i'm going with the skills in this
matchup the skills are going to come out
play well at home they're going to force
closet into some Android throws and
that's what you want to play winning
defense against the rookie it's going to
happen Dick LeBeau's a great mind but
it's going to be a great physical
matchup because Carolina will come out
ready to play for more NFL previews
visit football game plan calm / NFL or
visit our youtube channel at youtube.com
/ football game plan
you